cmd/ethkey/README.md, before:

ethkey
======

ethkey is a simple command-line tool for working with Ethereum keyfiles.


# Usage

### `ethkey generate`

Generate a new keyfile.
If you want to use an existing private key to use in the keyfile, it can be 
specified by setting `--privatekey` with the location of the file containing the 
private key.


### `ethkey inspect <keyfile>`

Print various information about the keyfile.
Private key information can be printed by using the `--private` flag;
make sure to use this feature with great caution!


### `ethkey sign <keyfile> <message/file>`

Sign the message with a keyfile.
It is possible to refer to a file containing the message.


### `ethkey verify <address> <signature> <message/file>`

Verify the signature of the message.
It is possible to refer to a file containing the message.


## Passphrases

For every command that uses a keyfile, you will be prompted to provide the 
passphrase for decrypting the keyfile.  To avoid this message, it is possible
to pass the passphrase by using the `--passphrase` flag pointing to a file that
contains the passphrase.

Commit message:

cmd: replace passPHRASE with passWORD in any user interactions #19932 (#1535)

cmd/ethkey/README.md, after:

ethkey
======

ethkey is a simple command-line tool for working with Ethereum keyfiles.

# Usage

### `ethkey generate`

Generate a new keyfile.
If you want to use an existing private key to use in the keyfile, it can be
specified by setting `--privatekey` with the location of the file containing the
private key.

### `ethkey inspect <keyfile>`

Print various information about the keyfile.
Private key information can be printed by using the `--private` flag;
make sure to use this feature with great caution!

### `ethkey sign <keyfile> <message/file>`

Sign the message with a keyfile.
It is possible to refer to a file containing the message.

### `ethkey verify <address> <signature> <message/file>`

Verify the signature of the message.
It is possible to refer to a file containing the message.

## Passwords

For every command that uses a keyfile, you will be prompted to provide the
password for decrypting the keyfile.  To avoid this message, it is possible
to pass the password by using the `--passwordfile` flag pointing to a file that
contains the password.
